#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.0
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via langsmith
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-pinecone
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-pinecone==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.1.143
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-pinecone
orjson==3.10.11
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via langchain-core
pinecone==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-client==3.2.2
    # via langchain-pinecone
pinecone-plugin-inference==2.0.1
    # via pinecone
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pinecone
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
simsimd==3.9.0
    # via langchain-pinecone
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via langchain
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.17.1
    # via aiohttp
